# fact-checking-server
The fact-checking server is responsible for managing the MongoDB database to store user account information and user check history, and human fact-check result pulled daily from Google api.

# Connections 

## connDb.ts
The module provides an async function `getDb` , which will return a promise of DB connection with signleton pattern.

The database name is `fact-checking-website` for now.

## connmail.ts
Provides async function `getEmailService`, similar to `getDb`.

## googleApi.ts & apiTypes.ts
apiTypes.ts defines all the types used returned by Google API.

googleApi.ts exports two functions `fetchNow` which will start a fetching from the api instantly, and `schedultFetch` which will schedule a fetch every midnight.

The fetching process includes three steps. 
1. Find publishers using some pre-set popular words.
2. Use the publishers' name to search all their publications within a given time. 
3. Collect the claims and update database's `human_claims` collection.

# route 

## emailRoutes.ts
On receiving request `POST /email` with body `{email: #EMAIL#}`, emailRoutes will fist check if the email has been registered. If not it will get an email service from *connmail.ts* and send a verification code to the given email. Finally, it responds with the hashed verification code in JSON format `{veriCode: #HASHED_VERI_CODE#}`

## userRoutes.ts
*userRoutes.ts* handles all requests related with user account, including signIn, signUp, and delete user.

`signIn` listens to `POST /signIn` with body `{userName: #EMAIL#, passwd: #PASSWORD#}`. It will query the database collection `users` for salt and hashed password. If succeed, it will respond `true`.

`signUp` listens to `POST /signUp` with body `{userName: #EMAIL#, passwd: #PASSWORD#}`. If the email is used yet, a random salt will be generated and userName, hashedPasswd and salt will be stored into the database's `users` collection. 

`deleteUser` listen to `POST /deleteUser` with body `{userName: #EMAIL#}`. The user will be deleted from the database. 

## checkRoutes.ts
*checkRoute.ts* handles request `POST /check` with body `{query:#CLAIM#}`. 

Firstly the server search the claim in the database collection `human_claim` fetched from google fact-checking API. 

Then, it will try to check by the ProofVer model. If the same claim hasn't been checked within a given period of time, an HTTP request will be made to the GPU server running in Computer Lab. The response is expected to be the proof generated by the proofver model. This server is also responsible for the caching of machine-check result. See following [caching](#caching) part.

The response of this checkRoute is JSON `{human_result: HUMAN, fever_result: #MACHINE#}`

## caching

When a response from the checking model is recieved, its `claim result  date` will be stored(or updated if there is an entry of older version of the same claim) in database `proofver_cache` collection. Each time a claim to check is received, the database is checked before running the model.

